[helm] Enable metrics reporting on helm charts (#2711)
alibaba/fluss: website/docs/install-deploy/deploying-with-helm.md

- **CoordinatorServer**: 1x StatefulSet with Headless Service for cluster coordination
- **TabletServer**: 3x StatefulSet with Headless Service for data storage and processing
- **ConfigMap**: Configuration management for `server.yaml` settings

> - **Services**: Headless services for pod communication, plus optional dedicated headless metrics services when metrics are enabled

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Services**: Headless services providing stable pod DNS names, plus optional dedicated headless services when metrics are enabled
```

It is recommended to set these explicitly in production.

### Metrics Parameters

| Parameter | Description | Default |
|-----------|-------------|---------|
| `metrics.reporters` | Comma-separated reporter selector; use `""` to disable metrics | `""` |
| `metrics.jmx.port` | JMX reporter port range | `9250` |
| `metrics.prometheus.port` | Prometheus reporter port | `9249` |
| `metrics.prometheus.service.portName` | Named port exposed on metrics services | `metrics` |
| `metrics.prometheus.service.labels` | Additional labels added to metrics services | `{}` |
| `metrics.prometheus.service.annotations` | Optional annotations added to metrics services | `{}` |

> | `metrics.reporter.<reporter>.<option>` | Configure `<option>` for `<reporter>` (refer to the [Fluss configuration](https://fluss.apache.org/docs/maintenance/configuration/#metrics) | NA |

Reviewer: this requires an update with the latest logic, we should also speak out about the fact that some values cannot be set in the config overrides

    port: 9124
```

### Metrics and Monitoring

> When `metrics.enabled` is `true`, the Helm chart does the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When `metrics.enabled` is `true`, adds the following `server.yaml` config entries:
```
